
decentralized/p2p network
interface/api for custom services/apps/games
algorithms with real-time clustering and neighborhood distances definitions by multiple criterias 
(for network applications, for car automatic drive communication) as attributes similarities, time precedence (for cars preceding, etc.)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- name: m-net (m-net-fs. m-net-msg, m-net-currency, m-net-shop, m-net-vote, etc.)

- logo: (m), m(∞)

- slogan: paranoid android (radiohead), master of puppets, master of (my) puppets, master of puppets/stuff/privacy
- donate: i don't want your money honey, i want your love! (transvision vamp)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FEATURES:

network/node:
certified network membership (registration/authentication)
subnet awareness (internet/wan/lan): full duplex only if same net, optimizations may occur in the same subnet, bridging must be clever
resilient to block/censorship and physical disconnection (consider radio/laser devices to interconnect and hard to discover)
self defense capable
distributed computing/ai/etc.
secure self updatable node and network with safe transition
node can offer its own local services and data locally (web application server) and/or net ones
ensure maximum reachability of resources (services and data) -> clustering based on cache similarity
ensure maximum performance on safe operations
ensure maximum security on critical operations
multiple hops for untraceability, consider loops to add uncertainty and thus more likely untraceablity
send through an always changing hop chain, receive through an always changing hop chain
eventually for big transfers, hop chain can be reduced or direct
proxy to specific ip or region
timestamp must be universal (greenwich solar time, utc, etc.) and synchronized over the net, visualization can be localized
bridge to opennic for dns
bridge to pki ca certificates ssh as cert authority
garlic routing
find ways to get params or updates from the net: explicity subscribe to a trusted path, or enable the net to self admin with self managed web of trust
node have net cache (can be zero to prevent serving other files) and persistent shared files (can be zero)
nodes can be setup to serve only certain path or users (private subnetworks), but will gain zero or negative credits
anon certified vote and different poll depending on vote (vote=green->poll=do-u-like-pasta? vote=red->poll=do-u-like-pizza?) -> prevents poll hijacking
-> generalized as hierarchical vote-tree

data:
full storage memory
dir main structure is graph, but must be enhanced with tag system or organized in a way to easy complex searches
global secured storage with versioning (files + structured relational data)
data rating for threshold of what to keep in case of insufficient global storage capability
all data types (files, objects, tables, geometries) operations (get, save, query, etc.)
real time streaming and broadcasting (NB any kind of data, not only media, eg geografic maps browsing, table browsing, etc.)
storage can be in native form for media and files (zip, mkv, etc.) (must be able to look into media formats like mkv, archives like zip, etc.)
internal viewers for each type of data (media, files, archives, json, xml, db, geographic, etc.)
access to separate streams in files (movie, music album, etc.)
media encoding into multiple progressive streams with incremental quality until lossless
data chunks are encrypted with a cache holder disposable key, when download completed key is given only after credit is given
credit is revoked if after decoding from temporary encoding, actual block hash is wrong
every file is divided in blocks, each block mixed with blocks from different files, so each block has many file scrambled inside and cannot be discriminated and hardly identified
deduplication
copy on write

services:
applications/services/games on global storage
secure social (forums, wikis, chats, social media (like fb, instagram, etc.), etc.)
website restructured database (wikipedia, imdb, youtube, etc.)
search by tag (also popular or preconfigured unsorted tag groups, popular searches)
prevent spam/flood/etc.
loyalty services from the payment tracking of products/services discounts are granted

user:
web of trust (wot) registration (registrars are responsible for every registrant they register)
several form of authentications (mobile number, document id, bank/paypal, general site (google, fb, etc.), gov site csrf id verification, calligraphic)
users can be authorized for certain actions only on certain node (eg download) or have certain limits dependng on the node

citizenship:
electronic citizenship (different nations with different laws, but one unique universal union of digital nations)
real certified identity (upload id/passport/document, named credit card or paypal payment then return pincode sent as transaction title, mobile phone sms, etc.)
blockchain of identities: if one is proved to be false, then giver is banned
secure, but anonymous identification (especially for vote, whistleblowing, etc.)
electronic laws
one digital nation with laws and citizenship
electronic identity and single sign on (certified also by traditional government)
electronic signature (certified also by traditional government)
one unique universal electronic secure currency
electronic ownership (digital assets and certified real assets (house, vehicle, etc.))
claim universe ownership, real assets ownership is transferred only on certain conditions (eg monuments cannot be private or owned by real nations, they are universal)
electronic contracts
electronic vote
possibility of anonymous usage
retribution based on work (of user, or node -> node-admin): measurable quantity + ponderated voted quality

promotion:
need to run node to play games or apps available only on platform
sdk for custom apps or games (free or priced on platform currency)

node identity and authentication
possibility to check reliability of certain services for storage and bandwidth with node that can subscribe for online service and backup (eventually publicly identificable)
prebuilt and preconfigured mini-itc boxes to detect city and nation from ip and automatically assure full guarantee for digital nation services
(same conf for every node even if downloaded)
swarm action synchronization (eg for mobility features like autonomous driven vehicles, or net download, media recoding, etc.)
maybe: secure custom application services (NB must be virus safe)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
